hey guys it's postbox PHA and welcome
back to a farm tutorial this is a
completely new series which I will be
starting on my channel where I'll be
going through every single minecraft
Xbox farm that can be used or designed
by any renewable source for example any
of them free up there or sugar cane
cactus any farm which is able to farm
any block or sauce I'll be doing a
tutorial on on Minecraft so today I'll
be doing my first ever episode of this
and it's gonna be potatoes carrots and
wheats now this is a simple farm you may
have seen this recently on my Minecraft
Xbox subscriber Kingdom it's a farm I do
use on that so I thought you know what
I'll do a tutorial on it and I'll also
be doing tutorials on many other farms
and it'd be a massive playlist on my
channel so you'd be able to click on
that there'll be links all over the
description something called cards which
is now on youtube which is on the right
hand side it'll also be on that as well
so you guys will be able to click all
over to see that playlist when it starts
to build up over time so what are we
doing I'll be doing a video on how to
build the farm which would be coming up
any second now and another video on how
to design the farm make it look nice so
that'll be a separate playlist so it'll
be this would be like episode 1 and this
would be carrots potato we all of them
and then it'll be a current potato we
design how to make it look nice that's
what it will be so they'll be like 2
episodes two videos for one episodes
that's how it's going to kind of be in
two different playlists so no more
nonsense from that let's get straight
onto this let me show you guys how this
farm works either you haven't already
sinned what you want to do is you want
to switch it on when you switch the farm
on you hold LT and you'll notice that at
the bottom right hand screen my my
little carrots you see them that they
are increasing so this is like a kind of
a duplication glitch but it's not a
duplication glitch P is using mechanics
in Minecraft to have make this farm work
sorry for the loud clicking those
carrots go everywhere after this but
it's so cool ok so that is how you do it
and let me show you guys how to build it
so the materials you are gonna need
you're gonna need 6 redstone warm
redstone comparator a lever any sort of
hell free dispensers one bucket of water
one piece of
a couple of slabs of your choice and a
block of your choice and also you are
gonna require a carrot some seeds or
potatoes or you will require well and
you will require some bone milk so
that's what you're gonna need for this
so let me get straight into this so the
first thing you want to do is do a strip
of free like that then you're gonna go
and want to grab your slops
but you scrub on the floor like that and
then grab your block of choice again and
build a little L shape a little kind of
shape like that so once you've got that
shape in place you're gonna want to put
your dirt there and then leading into
your dirt you're gonna want to get your
dispensers to place in words into your
dirt like that and then put them on the
back as well you can do this however you
want I'm just gonna build a little free
Tower place my dispenser on it and then
go down like that
so that's how that works there like that
you got that and it's a nice little
design then you're gonna want to put
your water in now the water is used to
grow that there well kind of grow it it
is basically used to it increases the
growing time and it keeps it as a whole
block so let me show you guys how to do
this you're going to want to put them
like that so the water does not leak and
affect the Redstone then you're gonna
want to put one down there then you put
the water in you've got to be really
quick finished part guys so that's
simple guy can do it so you go to put it
in get the block down there here we go
see how quick that was that is really
good so once the water is in that I'll
show you the water is in there see other
sea water then don't want to I don't
want to get it to leak because it kind
of leaks everywhere and gets annoying
but the water is inside that if I hold
this you will see there you go so
remember you can hold this at any time
it doesn't really matter when you hold
this now and then once you have done
this you're gonna want to put your lever
on there so now your lever is in place
this is the complicated part guys get
ready for this you're gonna wanna pour
one piece of redstone then you want to
put a comparator and then you're going
to want to put the curve imperative
facing towards this box you have to
place this balk when you compare to make
sure it is facing towards this body but
it's not facing it's not gonna work so
that little thing there and then that
little thing there you want to click LT
on it the comparator it will cause it to
go negative mode as I call it and that
is a very key for this
notice once it is in negative mode
you're gonna want to put a redstone on
top of this block and then do another
piece of redstone coming down from this
block just over here on this side you
can see how that curves around like that
and then make it connect back into the
comparator the reason you want to do
this is because when I click believer it
will cause it to flicker and that is
what's gonna cause the bonemeal to grow
and that is how it works whereas if you
press LT on that you will see how it
does not flicker so make sure you
definitely put it in negative mode or it
will not work that is key guys you have
to do that it won't work so once you
have done that you can switch your lever
off and then you're gonna want to put
another block there this will not affect
the redstone because it is curving
around underneath this block in the
comparator and the comparator is linked
to this piece here then you're gonna
want to put redstone connecting to this
one here or peer and then another block
here redstone there let's don't along
the top there another block here read
along the top there this will all
connect to the dispensers here that is
really nice that they will definitely
connect to that dispenser trust me guys
it definitely does work and then you
want to put that on there a little lid
to make it dark inside of that block
let's make it 100% dark we're still so
you guys can see in you want to put the
number of pieces like that and I love
that and there you go it's completely
pitch buck in there so that will cause
the crops to automatically harvest if I
show you guys this this should well as
switch it on Press LT and you see my
carrots increasing let's do it with some
seeds you'll see my wheat increasing in
a minute you'll see my seeds increasing
I'll show you my week has increased
there you go my wheat Oh my wheat is not
increasing that is a shame let me check
what is going on here okay come on come
on grow grow grow grow grow Oh guys guys
you know what I've done you guys know
why it's not growing basically why it's
not growing is because we forgot to put
the bone meal in now guys if you don't
put the bone meal in your crops aren't
gonna go so make sure you have enough
bone meal to get bone meal you'll need a
good skeleton farm and I'll also be
doing a tutorial on that next that is
the next thing I am gonna do because
you'll need skeleton farm for most of
these automatic farms to wear but for
now I'll do this one bit and the
skeleton farm will be coming out soon so
don't forget I'll show you guys how to
do that soon if you don't know how to
get
is really quick but this time it is
gonna where let me show you here we go
our potatoes will increase massively
come on there we go there we go let's do
it with some seeds this time you can see
our seeds were increasing but they just
weren't growing week it doesn't work as
well we've week by the way guys it's not
the most efficient wheat farm but it
works quicker than a normal farm cause
all you got to do is stand there and
press LT it is very very low resources
required as well so it's a really nice
bomb definitely my favorite so don't
forget guys if you want to see me detail
this up don't forget to click on the
right hand side of the screen there will
be some cards over there on mobile
addition and in the description they'll
also be a link to it as well
to any mobile people and the computer
people you can just click the
description these little things called
cards have came out on YouTube so I will
be using them as well so you guys can
get to my new video on how to detail up
which will be coming out basically a
couple of hours after I have released
this one so don't forget to check that
out if you're watching this like most of
you probably watching this after so it
will be there and in the massive
playlist which will be coming out as
well there will also be so many so many
farm tutorials so that's gonna be
awesome and my Survival Series one last
thing if you guys do want to join me in
my Survival Series don't forget you
can't go and check that out is a
subscriber series so you guys can come
and join us in that I love playing with
you guys on that so if you are a new
subscriber and never heard of that and
you've just came for the farm tutorials
make sure to have a look at it and see
what you think if you want to join in or
not most of you will probably want to
join in because it's an insane survival
world but if not that is up to you it is
your opinion but once again this is
postbox pad signing up